well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about a
whole new genre of
article that has appeared
and employment opportunities and
roadblocks to those employment
opportunities for
former trump administration officials
i have seen a sheaf of articles
bemoaning the possible future roadblocks
for those who enabled trump
the thing about this is first i would
suggest that it is incredibly tone deaf
to try to generate sympathy among the
populous
for a group of people who enabled trump
while a large segment of the population
is waiting on him
to get some form of relief that
seems off aside from that i want to
point out
that many of those currently in the
administration joined the administration
late they weren't uh brought into their
positions on day one
they saw what he was doing
for years and still took the job
they still took the job i do not believe
that any of them
that came in late in the administration
believed that president trump was a net
good for the country they saw what he
was doing
those in the beginning i can give the
benefit of the doubt to some
and say hey maybe they really did
believe they were going to be the adult
in the room
i would say they did a poor job of it
but i don't know how difficult that task
is
those who came in late i don't have any
sympathy for
they watched as he undermined the moral
and societal fabric of this country
they watched as he undermined our
foreign policy they watched as he
undermined
public health officials they watched as
he undermined the election
they watched as he undermined the
founding principles of this country
and they went to work for him
i'm going to suggest that that's poor
judgment and that maybe
public service isn't really calling them
maybe
self-service is and they believed he was
going to get a second term
and they thought it would be good for
them
and now they're having second doubts
i have a friend when he was
18 he got caught
with just enough of a substance to make
it a felony
he is now 40 and that has haunted him
the rest of his life
and if you were to ask those people who
are being mentioned in these articles
those who these articles are hoping to
garner sympathy for they would say that
it was
poor judgment and that actions have
consequences
as much as i might want to try
i do not know that i will be able to
find any sympathy
for anybody in the trump administration
and their future employment problems
that doesn't seem like something that's
going to be weighing on my mind
regardless of how many articles are
written about it
this is not a normal administration and
i do not believe
that the standard
image rehabilitation that normally
occurs after an administration is going
to be possible
because people are going to reject it
wholesale
as they should
anyway it's just a thought yeah i have a
good day